Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

A. It totally depends on what area of interest we are looking for qunantifying the 
similarity of two users. For example, Jill Stein and Gary Johnson can be are 
more similar in terms of the sports interest if both of them follow the same 
sports and same sport's players while they may not follow the same political 
members and ministers of states making them totally dissimilar interms of 
political interest. On the other hand Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump can 
be more similar in some different area of interests. Hence this approach is misleading.
Having the interest defined and try to use the function friend_overlap for a 
specific analysis of interest or area may be used to use this function with 
more value. This can be one possible way to fix the issue discussed above.



2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

A. WhiteHouse is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump which 
kind of make sense as both of them ran for the president position and thus 
for this reason both are rivals as well. According to the Wikipedia The White House 
is the official residence and workplace of the President of the United States, 
located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington, D.C thus people running 
for the position would more likely to follow WhiteHouse on Twitter.


3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

A. It actually depends on a personal choice and interest, Donald Trump might 
have a narrowed and focused interest and because of this reason he don't 
follow many people on the other hand Gary Johnson follows a huge number of 
Twitter IDs which shows that Gary Johnson wants notification from more people 
from different walks of life compared to Donald Trump who might not be interested 
in getting notification from different walks of life. The big difference in how many 
accounts each candidate follows actually help in our analysis as if everyone follow 
almost everyone then it would be hard to find out differences between the candidates. 
We learn more about a person who as narrowed and focused interest than a person who 
follow almost everyone. In the above case where Gary Johnson follows over 3K accounts, 
while Donald Trump follows less than 50 we get insight on how different this two 
candidates are and they have different interests.



4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

According to the data collected in this assignment :-

Rate limit for GET friends/ids is 15 per window(15 mins)
Rate limit for GET users/lookup is 900 per window(15mins)

We have 4 candidates, each have following friends :
Friends per candidate:
DrJillStein   1645
GovGaryJohnson   3482
HillaryClinton   762
realDonaldTrump   45

If we collect all the users that the friends of the 4 candidates follow 
then it will require following number of twitter request using API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids

(1645+1)+(3482+1)+(762+1)+(45+1) requests needed to be made including 
one for each candidates as well.
Which is equal to 5938 requests.

Since in one window only 15 request can be made, 
(5938/15) windows of 15 mins will be required, hence 365.9 approx(366) windows. 
Which gives us 366*15 mins or 5490 mins or approximately 91.5 hours 
waiting time in total. This many minutes will be taken to collect the data asked.



